README.md, before:

# sc4-city-date-sync

A DLL Plugin for SimCity 4 that synchronizes the city dates in a region.   

The plugin saves the current in-game date when exiting an established city, and then applies
it to the next established city if that city's in-game date is less then the stored value.
The city date is applied by automatically executing the SimDate cheat when loading the city.

## Download

The plugin can be downloaded from the Releases tab: https://github.com/0xC0000054/sc4-city-date-sync/releases

### Disclaimer:

I have not experienced any issues with using the SimDate command in this way, but it may have side effects that
I missed.
 

## System Requirements

* Windows 10 or later

## Installation

1. Close SimCity 4.
2. Copy `SC4CityDateSync.dll` and `SC4CityDateSync.ini` into the Plugins folder in the SimCity 4 installation directory.
3. Start SimCity 4.

## Troubleshooting

The plugin should write a `SC4CityDateSync.log` file in the same folder as the plugin.    
The log contains status information for the most recent run of the plugin.

# License

This project is licensed under the terms of the MIT License.    
See [LICENSE.txt](LICENSE.txt) for more information.

## 3rd party code

[gzcom-dll](https://github.com/nsgomez/gzcom-dll/tree/master) Located in the vendor folder, MIT License.    
[Windows Implementation Library](https://github.com/microsoft/wil) MIT License    

# Source Code

## Prerequisites

* Visual Studio 2022

## Building the plugin

* Open the solution in the `src` folder
* Update the post build events to copy the build output to you SimCity 4 application plugins folder.
* Build the solution

## Debugging the plugin

Visual Studio can be configured to launch SimCity 4 on the Debugging page of the project properties.
I configured the debugger to launch the game in a window with the following command line:    
`-intro:off -CPUcount:1 -w -CustomResolution:enabled -r1920x1080x32`

You may need to adjust the resolution for your screen.

Commit message:

Add a note about the lack of cross-region syncing

README.md, after:

# sc4-city-date-sync

A DLL Plugin for SimCity 4 that synchronizes the city dates in a region.   

The plugin saves the current in-game date when exiting an established city, and then applies
it to the next established city if that city's in-game date is less then the stored value.
The city date is applied by automatically executing the SimDate cheat when loading the city.
The city dates synchronization only occurs between cities located in the same region.

## Download

The plugin can be downloaded from the Releases tab: https://github.com/0xC0000054/sc4-city-date-sync/releases

### Disclaimer:

I have not experienced any issues with using the SimDate command in this way, but it may have side effects that
I missed.
 

## System Requirements

* Windows 10 or later

## Installation

1. Close SimCity 4.
2. Copy `SC4CityDateSync.dll` and `SC4CityDateSync.ini` into the Plugins folder in the SimCity 4 installation directory.
3. Start SimCity 4.

## Troubleshooting

The plugin should write a `SC4CityDateSync.log` file in the same folder as the plugin.    
The log contains status information for the most recent run of the plugin.

# License

This project is licensed under the terms of the MIT License.    
See [LICENSE.txt](LICENSE.txt) for more information.

## 3rd party code

[gzcom-dll](https://github.com/nsgomez/gzcom-dll/tree/master) Located in the vendor folder, MIT License.    
[Windows Implementation Library](https://github.com/microsoft/wil) MIT License    

# Source Code

## Prerequisites

* Visual Studio 2022

## Building the plugin

* Open the solution in the `src` folder
* Update the post build events to copy the build output to you SimCity 4 application plugins folder.
* Build the solution

## Debugging the plugin

Visual Studio can be configured to launch SimCity 4 on the Debugging page of the project properties.
I configured the debugger to launch the game in a window with the following command line:    
`-intro:off -CPUcount:1 -w -CustomResolution:enabled -r1920x1080x32`

You may need to adjust the resolution for your screen.
